Bugfix broken links Arun 31-40 (#1923)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/elements/terms/hr/hr.md

## Example

> In the following example, the `<hr>` element provides a semantic break between the text of two [`<p>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/paragraphs) elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `<hr>` element provides a semantic break between the text of two [`<p>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/p) elements:
```
